---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Software like a Boss
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-01-22
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
  - 
---

## Managers Perspective
My software experience is very minimally hands-on. Most of my experience, outside of classes, in the Software realm has been from the perspective of a chief engineer on the UH drone technologies team. I was in charge of getting everything involved in the design of a UAV to combine into the final product with minimal problems. This is generally summed up under the broad term of "Integration." This included everything from the physical manufacturing and the mechanical aspect to PCB assembly.


## Integration of Software
Because of this, most of my software experiance is in integrating software into a larger system. One of these integrations is an autonomous object detection, classification and localization algorithm that needs to identify objects on the ground from the air and then tell the user where and what they are. This is being used for search and rescue purposes. As the chief engineer my job consisted of mostly getting all of the various modules of the software integrated into a final whole that could get the final job done.

## Computer Engineering

Though most of my exprerience has been in the integration of software into software, through the computer engineering program I have done a managerie of programming, C, C++, Basic, Assembly, and even as far as Visualbasic. I've completed up through advanced algorithms and operating systems. My program has prepared me for many programming situations I could be thrown into. Most of what that allowed for is understand enough to be capable of integrating software into hardware succesfully. 

