---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Loving and Hating Javascript
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-01-22
labels:
  - Javascript
  - Hate
  - Love
---

## Javascript?

I'd never touched Javascript, not even touched java before this class and through this first week of class I've learned a lot about Javascript. It is a brilliant abomonation of a programming language and over my less then a week of using it I have been both frustrated and in awe of what it is capable
## What blew my mind. &#128165;
I have been deeply ingrained into the C programing language from the beggining of the engineering program. I came to school with almost no prior serious programming experience and so I can really only claim proficiency in C. So the first time I had a function create its own function and the first time I had a variable change its type my mind was sufficiently blown. Most of my preconceived notions about programming were shattered. The limitations of C were nothing when compared to the beautiful simplicity of javascripts looseness. 

## The foolproof way to get ignored.

While there are decent questions that benefit everyone, there are those one can ask to create an entirely different effect. In the following example, a user asks how he would, in short, create a desktop application with Facebook.

```
Q: Facebook Desktop Notifier

I am a beginner programmer that have never used anything other than what's included in a language.

I am trying to create a desktop application that notifies me anytime I get an update onfacebook. 
How should go about doing this? Thanks in advance.

edit Sorry I was not clear. Is there any way to make a DESKTOP application with facebook?
```

A simple “yes” would have answered the question, but we know that’s not the sort of answer he or she is looking for. Fortunately, someone kindly responded with a link to Facebook’s developer website. The asker should have done more research on his or her potential project. Then further down the road, he or she could have asked more specific and detailed questions that wouldn’t require a thousand-paged response for a sufficient answer.

## Conclusion

When we rely on others’ generosity and expertise to provide answers to our questions, it should hold that the question we ask should be one that leads to efficient and effective help that not only benefits us, but also the people we ask and others who might ask the same question in the future. Thus, if you have a question… make it a smart one! Asking questions may not always get you the best answer, but asking them in a way that will make others want to answer them will increase the success of finding a good solution and make it a positive experience on all sides.
